Administrator - Administrate the site feature
News Publisher - Create/Publish/Moderate??? News articles
News Moderator - Moderate/Un-Publish News articles
Site User - View/Search/Share/Report/Archive??? News articles
Site Visitor - View/Search/Share News Articles


as a site visitor I want to easily navigate to the news landing page,
when i am on the landing page.
I would like to see a box in the center of the page listing the latest news stories.
I would like to see other elements either side of the latest news stories.
I would like to easily find and use a search box if I cant find what I am looking for on the landing page.
I would like to be able to share news stories on my preferred social network.
I would like to be offered the choice to become a site user.

as a site user on the news landing page,
I would like to see a link to report a news article if I think it is offensive.
I would like to see an option for me to save a news article link to my profile for future reference.

as a news moderator on the news landing page,
I would like to see a list of news articles which I need to moderate,
I would like the ability to moderate more than one news article at a time.
I would like this same list of articles to appear in my user profile.
I would tolerate a reminder sent to my email for each news article I need to moderate
I would be impressed if once per day I received a single email containing multiple news entries I need to moderate.

as a publisher on the news landing page,
I would like to see a link to publish a new news article.
I would like this link to be in my profile if I need it.
I would like to see a list of the News Articles which I have published.
I would like to see a list of News articles which i have published which have been reported.
I would like to be able see a link any reported news articles so I can edit it.
I would like to be able to see the any report details related to the article.

as an administrator on the landing page,
I would like to be able to create or promote a news publisher or news moderator user easily.
I would like to be able to publish news articles if want
I would like to see some statistics